Signals team Q2 2026 objectives (#16209)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/signals/objectives.mdx

  - Annika will be running interviews with active PH Code users, we should take part

### Objective 2: Prioritization

Serving "One PR merged a day": 
Prioritization in the inbox has to always surfaces slam dunks above noise:
- Making the agent run queries to determine if the problem is in a hot path
- "Analyze part of session visually" tool for research
- Seamless PostHog org member→GH user mapping (for owner assignment)
- Ability to reingest all signals in prod
  - Plus ability fo filter by pipeline version

### Objective 3: Sources

Specific sources have to result in salient inbox items:
- Error Tracking
- Linear
- GitHub Issues
- Zendesk
- PostHog Support
- Later in the quarter: Session Replay (much higher-effort w/ Replay team collab)
  - Michael to write a spec for the person who'll help us ship here

Other teams integrating: on pause until we have confidence in these core sources.

### Objective 4: Experiments

We're in delivery mode with PostHog Code launch, but when we have solid footing there. We should get back into some experimentation – we think we have some ideas that _may_ take the product to the next level, but they need to be actually tested:

> - "AI PM" - product autonomy → agent "owner" per product feature → run em on a cron to check feature status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AI PM: Agent as the "product owner" on a product/feature level: On a cron, the agent checks the feature status (metrics, errors etc.) & recommends actions
```

Rephrased slightly to make it clearer what we mean by this
